chore: remove rebranding notes and batch add meta descriptions (#127)
beclab/docs: docs/manual/tasks/view-database-status.md

---

> description: Access and monitor your Olares database status using Bytebase to manage PostgreSQL and MongoDB instances with detailed configuration guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Access and monitor your Olares database status using Bytebase, managing PostgreSQL and MongoDB instances with detailed configuration guidance.
```
